Use the same Node version as VSCode (#1374)
github/vscode-codeql: CONTRIBUTING.md

> Make sure you have installed recent versions of vscode (>= v1.52), node (>=12.16), and npm (>= 7.5.2). Earlier versions will probably work, but we no longer test against them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have installed recent versions of vscode (>= v1.52), node (~v16.13.0), and npm (>= 7.5.2). Earlier versions will probably work, but we no longer test against them.
```

> To automatically switch to the correct version of node, we recommend using nvm which will pick-up the node version from `.nvmrc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To automatically switch to the correct version of node, we recommend using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), which will pick-up the node version from `.nvmrc`.
```
